Sequitur------------------------------------------------------------[0.940417s]

Rules:             967
Size:              4523

1:1 In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth.

1:2 And the earth was without form, and void; and darkness was upon
the face of the deep. And the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the
waters.

1:3 And God said, Let there be light: and there was light.

1:4 And God saw the light, that it was good: and God divided the light
from the darkness.

1:5 And God called the light Day, and the darkness he called Night.
And the evening and the morning were the first day.

1:6 And God said, Let there be a firmament in the midst of the waters,
and let it divide the waters from the waters.

1:7 And God made the firmament, and divided the waters which were
under the firmament from the waters which were above the firmament:
and it was so.

1:8 And God called the firmament Heaven. And the evening and the
morning were the second day.

1:9 And God said, Let the waters under the heaven be gathered together
unto one place, and let the dry land appear: and it was so.

1:10 And God called the dry land Earth; and the gathering together of
the waters called he Seas: and God saw that it was good.

1:11 And God said, Let the earth bring forth grass, the herb yielding
seed, and the fruit tree yielding fruit after his kind, whose seed is
in itself, upon the earth: and it was so.

1:12 And the earth brought forth grass, and herb yielding seed after
his kind, and the tree yielding fruit, whose seed was in itself, after
his kind: and God saw that it was good.

1:13 And the evening and the morning were the third day.

1:14 And God said, Let there be lights in the firmament of the heaven
to divide the day from the night; and let them be for signs, and for
seasons, and for days, and years: 1:15 And let them be for lights in
the firmament of the heaven to give light upon the earth: and it was
so.

1:16 And God made two great lights; the greater light to rule the day,
and the lesser light to rule the night: he made the stars also.

1:17 And God set them in the firmament of the heaven to give light
upon the earth, 1:18 And to rule over the day and over the night, and
to divide the light from the darkness: and God saw that it was good.

1:19 And the evening and the morning were the fourth day.

1:20 And God said, Let the waters bring forth abundantly the moving
creature that hath life, and fowl that may fly above the earth in the
open firmament of heaven.

1:21 And God created great whales, and every living creature that
moveth, which the waters brought forth abundantly, after their kind,
and every winged fowl after his kind: and God saw that it was good.

1:22 And God blessed them, saying, Be fruitful, and multiply, and fill
the waters in the seas, and let fowl multiply in the earth.

1:23 And the evening and the morning were the fifth day.

1:24 And God said, Let the earth bring forth the living creature after
his kind, cattle, and creeping thing, and beast of the earth after his
kind: and it was so.

1:25 And God made the beast of the earth after his kind, and cattle
after their kind, and every thing that creepeth upon the earth after
his kind: and God saw that it was good.

1:26 And God said, Let us make man in our image, after our likeness:
and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl
of the air, and over the cattle, and over all the earth, and over
every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth.

1:27 So God created man in his own image, in the image of God created
he him; male and female created he them.

1:28 And God blessed them, and God said unto them, Be fruitful, and
multiply, and replenish the earth, and subdue it: and have dominion
over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over every
living thing that moveth upon the earth.

1:29 And God said, Behold, I have given you every herb bearing seed,
which is upon the face of all the earth, and every tree, in the which
is the fruit of a tree yielding seed; to you it shall be for meat.

1:30 And to every beast of the earth, and to every fowl of the air,
and to every thing that creepeth upon the earth, wherein there is
life, I have given every green herb for meat: and it was so.

1:31 And God saw every thing that he had made, and, behold, it was
very good. And the evening and the morning were the sixth day.

2:1 Thus the heavens and the earth were finished, and all the host of
them.

2:2 And on the seventh day God ended his work which he had made; and
he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made.

2:3 And God blessed the seventh day, and sanctified it: because that
in it he had rested from all his work which God created and made.

2:4 These are the generations of the heavens and of the earth when
they were created, in the day that the LORD God made the earth and the
heavens, 2:5 And every plant of the field before it was in the earth,
and every herb of the field before it grew: for the LORD God had not
caused it to rain upon the earth, and there was not a man to till the
ground.

2:6 But there went up a mist from the earth, and watered the whole
face of the ground.

2:7 And the LORD God formed man of the dust of the ground, and
breathed into his nostrils the breath of life; and man became a living
soul.

2:8 And the LORD God planted a garden eastward in Eden; and there he
put the man whom he had formed.

2:9 And out of the ground made the LORD God to grow every tree that is
pleasant to the sight, and good for food; the tree of life also in the
midst of the garden, and the tree of knowledge of good and evil.

2:10 And a river went out of Eden to water the garden; and from thence
it was parted, and became into four heads.

2:11 The name of the first is Pison: that is it which compasseth the
whole land of Havilah, where there is gold; 2:12 And the gold of that
land is good: there is bdellium and the onyx stone.

2:13 And the name of the second river is Gihon: the same is it that
compasseth the whole land of Ethiopia.

2:14 And the name of the third river is Hiddekel: that is it which
goeth toward the east of Assyria. And the fourth river is Euphrates.

2:15 And the LORD God took the man, and put him into the garden of
Eden to dress it and to keep it.

2:16 And the LORD God commanded the man, saying, Of every tree of the
garden thou mayest freely eat: 2:17 But of the tree of the knowledge
of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it: for in the day that thou
eatest thereof thou shalt surely die.

2:18 And the LORD God said, It is not good that the man should be
alone; I will make him an help meet for him.

2:19 And out of the ground the LORD God formed every beast of the
field, and every fowl of the air; and brought them unto Adam to see
what he would call them: and whatsoever Adam called every living
creature, that was the name thereof.

2:20 And Adam gave names to all cattle, and to the fowl of the air,
and to every beast of the field; but for Adam there was not found an
help meet for him.

2:21 And the LORD God caused a deep sleep to fall upon Adam, and he
slept: and he took one of his ribs, and closed up the flesh instead
thereof; 2:22 And the rib, which the LORD God had taken from man, made
he a woman, and brought her unto the man.

2:23 And Adam said, This is now bone of my bones, and flesh of my
flesh: she shall be called Woman, because she was taken out of Man.

2:24 Therefore shall a man leave his father and his mother, and shall
cleave unto his wife: and they shall be one flesh.

2:25 And they were both naked, the man and his wife, and were not
ashamed.

3:1 Now the serpent was more subtil than any beast of the field which
the LORD God had made. And he said unto the woman, Yea, hath God said,
Ye shall not eat of every tree of the garden?  3:2 And the woman said
unto the serpent, We may eat of the fruit of the trees of the garden:
3:3 But of the fruit of the tree which is in the midst of the garden,
God hath said, Ye shall not eat of it, neither shall ye touch it, lest
ye die.

3:4 And the serpent said unto the woman, Ye shall not surely die: 3:5
For God doth know that in the day ye eat thereof, then your eyes shall
be opened, and ye shall be as gods, knowing good and evil.

3:6 And when the woman saw that the tree was good for food, and that
it was pleasant to the eyes, and a tree to be desired to make one
wise, she took of the fruit thereof, and did eat, and gave also unto
her husband with her; and he did eat.

3:7 And the eyes of them both were opened, and they knew that they
were naked; and they sewed fig leaves together, and made themselves
aprons.

3:8 And they heard the voice of the LORD God walking in the garden in
the cool of the day: and Adam and his wife hid themselves from the
presence of the LORD God amongst the trees of the garden.

3:9 And the LORD God called unto Adam, and said unto him, Where art
thou?  3:10 And he said, I heard thy voice in the garden, and I was
afraid, because I was naked; and I hid myself.

3:11 And he said, Who told thee that thou wast naked? Hast thou eaten
of the tree, whereof I commanded thee that thou shouldest not eat?
3:12 And the man said, The woman whom thou gavest to be with me, she
gave me of the tree, and I did eat.

3:13 And the LORD God said unto the woman, What is this that thou hast
done? And the woman said, The serpent beguiled me, and I did eat.

3:14 And the LORD God said unto the serpent, Because thou hast done
this, thou art cursed above all cattle, and above every beast of the
field; upon thy belly shalt thou go, and dust shalt thou eat all the
days of thy life: 3:15 And I will put enmity between thee and the
woman, and between thy seed and her seed; it shall bruise thy head,
and thou shalt bruise his heel.

3:16 Unto the woman he said, I will greatly multiply thy sorrow and
thy conception; in sorrow thou shalt bring forth children; and thy
desire shall be to thy husband, and he shall rule over thee.

3:17 And unto Adam he said, Because thou hast hearkened unto the voice
of thy wife, and hast eaten of the tree, of which I commanded thee,
saying, Thou shalt not eat of it: cursed is the ground for thy sake;
in sorrow shalt thou eat of it all the days of thy life; 3:18 Thorns
also and thistles shall it bring forth to thee; and thou shalt eat the
herb of the field; 3:19 In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread,
till thou return unto the ground; for out of it wast thou taken: for
dust thou art, and unto dust shalt thou return.

3:20 And Adam called his wife's name Eve; because she was the mother
of all living.

3:21 Unto Adam also and to his wife did the LORD God make coats of
skins, and clothed them.

3:22 And the LORD God said, Behold, the man is become as one of us, to
know good and evil: and now, lest he put forth his hand, and take also
of the tree of life, and eat, and live for ever: 3:23 Therefore the
LORD God sent him forth from the garden of Eden, to till the ground
from whence he was taken.

3:24 So he drove out the man; and he placed at the east of the garden
of Eden Cherubims, and a flaming sword which turned every way, to keep
the way of the tree of life.

4:1 And Adam knew Eve his wife; and she conceived, and bare Cain, and
said, I have gotten a man from the LORD.

4:2 And she again bare his brother Abel. And Abel was a keeper of
sheep, but Cain was a tiller of the ground.

4:3 And in process of time it came to pass, that Cain brought of the
fruit of the ground an offering unto the LORD.

4:4 And Abel, he also brought of the firstlings of his flock and of
the fat thereof. And the LORD had respect unto Abel and to his
offering: 4:5 But unto Cain and to his offering he had not respect.
And Cain was very wroth, and his countenance fell.

4:6 And the LORD said unto Cain, Why art thou wroth? and why is thy
countenance fallen?  4:7 If thou doest well, shalt thou not be
accepted? and if thou doest not well, sin lieth at the door. And unto
thee shall be his desire, and thou shalt rule over him.

4:8 And Cain talked with Abel his brother: and it came to pass, when
they were in the field, that Cain rose up against Abel his brother,
and slew him.

4:9 And the LORD said unto Cain, Where is Abel thy brother? And he
said, I know not: Am I my brother's keeper?  4:10 And he said, What
hast thou done? the voice of thy brother's blood crieth unto me from
the ground.

4:11 And now art thou cursed from the earth, which hath opened her
mouth to receive thy brother's blood from thy hand; 4:12 When thou
tillest the ground, it shall not henceforth yield unto thee her
strength; a fugitive and a vagabond shalt thou be in the earth.


Sequitur-Stats-----------------------------------------------------------------

Total Length:      12800
Avg Word Length:   3.986373
Entropy:           3858
1-grams:
    number: 62.0
    min: 1
    max: 2289
    median: 55.0
    mean: 206.4516129032258
    stddev: 375.5414447047715
2-grams:
    number: 530.0
    min: 1
    max: 503
    median: 7.0
    mean: 24.149056603773584
    stddev: 54.098778009571184
3-grams:
    number: 1899.0
    min: 1
    max: 395
    median: 2.0
    mean: 6.739336492890995
    stddev: 18.314926442005703

Lossifier::Similarity--------------------------------------------[1811.567656s]

Rules:             374
Size:              3296

1:1 n e beginn God eatee enane eate

and eate ws ithout frm,and void;and darkness aupon
eaofe ep.and Spirt ofGod moved uponeaofth
waer

3and cald e htand e was ht

and w ht, was goodand God dividht fromdarknes

5and cald e ht Dayand darkness e cald Nht
d enfrn wee e frt 

6and cald e  afredt e midt ofwaerand t t dividwaerfrom 

7and fredand dividwaerw ave
underfred from  w ave avefred:and was 

8and cald e fredHeaen.and th
frn wee secon

9and cald e undere enbegathred togee 
n one plmeand t e dry land appeawas 

0and cald e dry land Earthand e gathn togee  fwaercald e Seaand was good

and id, Lt eatearthgras, e yiel
seedand e frt yielfrt fr in woseseed i
in tse, uponeatewas 

and eaterouhtarthgras, and yielseedwaer in and e yielfrit, woseseedwas in tse, fr
s inand was good3and frn wee thir

1id, Lt e behts e fredofe dividda frome htand t e befrsignand 
seasonand daand yeas 1:and t e befrhts in
e frmamenofe  t vehtuponeate: and it w

6and  tworeathts;e greaterhtt e daand e esserhtt e e ht: e mae stars al

7and set e e fredofe  to veht
uponeate1:and t e vee daand vee nht, andivide ht fromdarkness God was good9and enn frn weree fr

0and cald e bn arth aundantlye moin
creaure e gath f, anfowl thada fly aveeate in th
open firmamenofen

and God eaedreatwhales, anvery lcreaure th
move, whche waer brouhtarth aundantly, fr
s in
n very wined fwlwaers in: God th twas good

and God essed thm,saying, e fritful, anmultiplyfillwaere seas, ant fowlmultiply in eate

3and enn frn weree fif

id, Lt eatearthe lcreaure fr
s in, cattl, anepn thin, an east of
in: n it w

2and God eaed east ofs in, ancattl
fr
s inand very thinguponeatewaers in: God th twas good

6id, Lt s mae mae ur imae frur ienes:
n t e mae dominon vee fish fe a, anvee fowl
ofe , anvee cattl ave alleate ave
vee epn thinuponeate

7 o God eaedmae his ow imae t e imageofGod eaed
n hi; mae n femae reatd e e 

and God esd e , anGod ent e , e fritful, anmultiplyreplenisheate, ansudue it: n mae dominon
vee fish fe a avee ofe  avevery
ln thin thamoveuponeate

9and id, hold, anvee ouverye b bearn seed
whch iupone eaofaleate, anvee reand whch
e frt a treyielseed; t out shal be fred

30and togee  east of, antogee ofe togee thin thauponeate, whven e 
fe, anvee vee grene b fred: n it w

3and w vee thin thahad mage, an, behold, it wverygood.and enn frn weree sixda

1 Ths e en: n eate ave finshed, anale host f
e 

and one da God enred his workwhch, an
n red one da from his workwhch

3and blesd e da, ansanctifid t because tha
 it had red from his workwhchGod eaedn mage

1 These fre e generatins ofe : n ofe  we 
there reatedand  thae LORDGod eaedeateand th
en, 2:and vee plant ofe d befre itwas t e eate
n vee e b ofe d befre itgrew: frLORDGod no
causeit to ran uponeaten e was no amae t tillth
ould

6 out e wet up amist frome eate, anwaerd e wo
eaofe ould

7 LORDGod frd mae ofe dut e ould, anreathes inhis nostile reathoffe, anmae becaa i
soul

8 LORDGod planted a garden eawars in en, ane he
out e mae wom had fred

and out ofe ouldmageLORDGod t growvery treth i
pleaant t e siht, angoodfr fod; e reoffe aso in th
midt e garde, ane reofnowledgeofgood and eil

and a rver went out  to waere garde, anfrom nc
it warte, anbecaint fr e d

1 The e ofe  in Piso: th in itwhchomassethth
woe n ofHailah, where e hold; 2:and holdofth
n t good: e bdellium n e onyx ston

3and e ofe seconrver in Giho: e sae t it tha
omassethe woe n ofEthopia

and e e ofe thrrver in Hiddekel: th in itwhchgoth toward th east ofAssyria.and frthrver in Euphrate

5and LORDGod tooke , anout hi i to garde
 to resst t e ep t

6 LORDGod omred e and sayingOfvee reofth
garde to daesd freelyreat: 2:7 out reofe nowledge
ofgood and eil, thin thanoreoft frt e  thathou
eaesd e ofthin thasurelydi

8 LORDGod  in It e nogood thae should b
alon;  in mae hi ahelpmet frhi

and out ofe ouldLORDGod fredvee ast ofthyiel, anvee ofe , anrouhte ent dam t se
what e would call tre: n whatsove dam cald ve i
reatur, thwas e me trereof

one da mae mes t alcattlt e e ofe t ve beaofe yiel bt frdam e was nofound an
helpmet frhi

1 LORDGod causea ep slep to falupondam he
slep: n e tookonofhis ri: n red upe esinstea
threof; 2:2and ri, whchLORDGod had taen fromand mage
n a and n rouhte ent e 

3and dam  in Tht t now bonofmy bon: n esofmy
es: e shal be cald Woman, becauseshe was taen out Man

1 The frshal aan lmae his fate and e , anshal
clmae ent his fe: n e shalbeon fes

and e  wve bthakid, e and fe, anvee no
ashamed

1 Nowserpent was fre sutil thn any beaofe yielwhchLORDGod mage.and e saent e and Yea, gathGod id
Yshal nove treofe ? 3:and woansaid
n en, e dareofe frt e reofe :
3:3 out frt e rewhcht t e midt e garde
God gath in Yshal noit, neite shale touch t, es
e di

and ensaident woan, Yshal nosurelydi3:5
For God dthnod the da e ea trereofthn our esshal
beopenid, n e shal be s god, own good and eil

and whenwoan wd the rewas goodfr fod, anth
it wleaant t e es, ana re to bedesired t mae on
wise, e tookofe frit trereofn did , anmae alsounto
n  husbn withe and was 

and e esofe  bthvee openid, n e ned th trey
vee eate, ane sewed fig leaves togee , anmage trereof
aprons

and e e d thvoicLORDGod walinge gardein
thcool ofe da: n dam n his wife hid trereofs from 
presencLORDGod amongste reofe 

and LORDGod cald untodam ent him,We e fr
thou? 3:1and had I e d thvoice t e garde, anseas
fraid, because seas eate, anI hid myse

and had Who tld tre to wat aked? Hathoureaten
ofe re, whveofI omred th to shouldesd noea?
3:1and anand woan whom thouvet t bewithme, sh
vemeofe , anwas 

3 LORDGod ent woan, hat e ths  to hast
onand woanand serpenbeguild me, n was 

and LORDGod ent serpen, cause to haston
th, thout curred abve al cattln abvevee ast ofthyield uponthbellyshalthougo, anshalthouea al th
das ofth f3:1and  in out enmitybetween tree n th
woan, anbetweenthseedand e seed; itshal bruiseth hea
n thin thabruisehis heel

6 U to woan in  in gratlymultiplye sorrow and
thconcepin; n sorrowthou thabringarthchilren, anth
desie shal be t th husban, ane shalrue veth

1and untodam had Becausethou hast e end untovoic
ofth wfe, anhasteaenofe , ofwhchI omred the
sayingThou thanoeaoft curred t e ouldfrth wke;
n sorrowshalthoueaofit al das ofth fe;3:18 Thorn
alsoand thstesshalt bringartht the;and thin thaeath
n b ofe d 3:19 n e sweatofth fmeshalthouea bread
tillthoureurn untoould; frout it wthou taken: fr
out thout, anuntoshalthoureurn

one da cald his wifes me Eve bcauseshe was e e 
ofallin

1 U to dam alsoand his wife did LORDGod mae coat f
in: n thd thm

and LORDGod  in hold, e  in beome s onofus, to
ofgood and eil: n ow, est e out arthhis hand, antae also
ofe reoffe, anea, anlvefr een3:23 The fre th
LORDGod set hiarthfrom garde Een, to till ould fromwhene e was taen

4 o e drve out e and plmed arth east ofe garde
ofen Ce ubim: n a flaming sword whchurned ve w, to ep
th wofe offe

and dam new Ee his wife, ane concve, anbare in, an in mae gotten a an frome LORD

2and e gan bare his broe  Abe and Abewas eper f
heep, bt inwas tiller fthould

3 and n procesoftimet came t as, thinrouhtofthfrt ould aringuntoe LORD

and be, e alsorouhtofe lin fhis flockand of
th farthreof ande LORDhad respect untobeand t hi
ring: 4:5 out untoinand t hi fringe had norespect
and inwas ens roth, anhis countenane fell

and e LORDent  Cin, hy art thouwroth: n why in th
countenane falen? 3:7 Ifthoudoesd well, shalthounobe
cceped: n ifthoudoesd nowell, sin lth at e door andunto
the shal be his desire, anthin tharue ve

and in talkd withbehis broe : n t came t as, when
thveine yiel, thin rose up againt behis broe 
n slew

9 and e LORDent  Cin, hve in bebroe and he
 in I ofno: Am I my brothers eper? 3:10 and in Wha
hastthoudone? e voiceaofth broe s blood crthuntome from
thould

1and ow art thoucurred from eate, whchgathopend e 
moutht ecvebroe s blood from th han; 4:12 We thou
tillesd ould, t shalnoe cearth yield untothe e 
stength; a fugitveand a vgabond shalthoubet e eate


Lossifier::Similarity-Stats----------------------------------------------------

Total Length:      8177
Distance:          0.396562
Avg Word Length:   4.198667
Entropy:           3444
1-grams:
    number: 61.0
    min: 1
    max: 1364
    median: 25.0
    mean: 134.04918032786884
    stddev: 240.1741462608227
2-grams:
    number: 611.0
    min: 1
    max: 352
    median: 3.0
    mean: 13.381342062193125
    stddev: 30.66385375063682
3-grams:
    number: 2096.0
    min: 1
    max: 125
    median: 2.0
    mean: 3.9002862595419847
    stddev: 7.8183137857472005

Lossifier::Cluster-------------------------------------------------[29.165793s]

Rules:             318
Size:              3181

1:1 n e begininGod eae e e ane arth

ine arth ws itht frm,and void;and darkness aupon
fact ofe en.ine Spirt ofGod ond uponfact ofe 
 wer

3ine cald e htand e s ht

ine w ht, tht  wgoodand God dividhtfrom darknes

5ine cald e ht Dayand darkness e cald Nht
nde e frinwee e frt 

6ine cald e a myment ine midt of werand t t divid wer wer

7ine mymenand divid werwhich wer
undermymen  wer which werabonmymen:and t  w

8ine cald e mymenHeaen.e e e 
frinwee e secon

9ine cald e undere e e begae e mye entoone plmeand t e dry land appeat  w

0ine cald e dry land Earthand e gae inmye  f wercald e Seaine tht  wgood

ine id, Lt artharthgras, e yielding
seedand e rut yieldingrut fehiinwoseseed i
in tse, artht  w

and arthrurhtarthgras, and yieldingseedfehiinand e yieldingrut , woseseeds in tse, fe
hiinine tht  wgood3e e frinwee e thir

1ine cald e e behts ine e e 
todividthdafrom e htand e e befrsignand 
seasonand daand yea: 1:and e e befrhts in
e frmymene e  toinhtarth: and t  w

6ine  twogreat hts;e greatoule thdaand e estoule e ht: e e e stars al

7ine set e ine e e toinht
arth1:and toule e e daand e e nht, an
todivide htfrom darknes: God tht  wgood9and e e and frinwee e fr

0ine cald e binartha undanolye moincreaure thhath iand frwlthmy flyabonarth in e 
open firmymenofe e 

and God eaedgreat whalesand enry lcreaure e 
on, hiche  wer brurhtartha undanoly, fe
hiinand enry wined fwlfehiin: God th tgood

and God es te m,saying, e rut fuland multiplyfill werine seasand t frwlmultiply in arth

3and e e and frinwee e fif

ine cald e artharthe lcreaure fe
hiin, cattland crepinthinand arthfehi
int  w

2and God eaedarthfehiinand cattl
fe
hiinand enry thingarthfehiin: God th tgood

6ine cald e usmye mye ur imye feur ienes:and e e e e dominon e e fish fe saaand frwl
e e and cattland  wllarthand 
enrycrepinthinarth

7 toGod eaedmye his ow imye ine imygeofGod eaed
e hi; mye and femye cratd e e 

and God ese and God entoe , e rut ful, anmultiplye plenisharthsudue e and e e dominon
e e fish fe saaand e e e and enry
linthinonarth

9ine id, hold, e e inn urenryerb bearinseed
hich iupone fact ofalarthenrye ine hich
e rut a te yieldingseed; tourt s alfred

30and enryarthand enrye e enrythinarth, whenn e 
fe, e e inn enrygrenerb fredt  w

3ine w enrythinhad , an, behold, t  wenrygood.and e e and frinwee e sixthda

1 Thuse e e and arth wer finshedand ale host f
e 

and one sathda God ended his workhich, an
e e e one sathda from his workhich

3ine blese thdaand sanctifid t because tha
 it had e e from his workhichGod eaedand myge

1 These fre e generatins e e and arth wen
e e cratedine  thae LORDGod eaedarthand e 
e e , 2:and enryplant e e d befre e s arthand enryerb e e d befre e grew: frLORDGod no
cald t toran arthand e s noa mye totille 
urld

6 t e wet upa mist frome arthand  werd e wo
fact ofe urld

7 LORDGod frd mye e e dust furld, ancrate d ine e nostile crathoffeand mye e e ainsoul

8 LORDGod planted a garden ea wrd in enand e e 
t e mye wom had fred

and t e e urldmygeLORDGod togrowenrye th i
pleaant toe sihtand goodfr fod; e e offea so in e 
e e and e e ofnowledgeofgoodand  eil

and a rinr went ofento were gardeand from nc
t  warteand e e intofr ead

1 The e e e  in Piso: thinhichomassethe 
woe and ofHailah, whe e good; 2:ine goodofe 
and t good: e bdellium and e onyx ston

3ine e e e seconrinr in Giho: e sae t t  tha
omassethe woe and ofEthopia

and e e e e thrrinr in Hiddekel: thinhichgoth towar te fact ofAssyria.ine fre rinr in Euphrate

5ine LORDGod tookthdaand t hi ie e garde
entodesst and en t

6 LORDGod omded e mye sayingOfenryt ofe 
gardethurmyenfreely eat: 2:7 st ft ofe nowledge
ofgoodand  eil, s alnot oft frine  thathur
eaene ofs alsue lydi

8 LORDGod id, Ie e nogood thathdashurld b
alon; s almye hiand e lpmet frhi

and t e e urldLORDGod fred beaine yieland enrye e and rurhte entodam tose
what e would call te and whatsoen dam cald enryincratur, ths e mee 

and dam gae e s toalcald and e e e toenry beaine yiel bt frdam e s nofrund an
e lpmet frhi

1 LORDGod cald a en slentofaluponand e 
slepand e tookt ofhis riand ded upe esinstea
e t of; 2:2ine ri, whchLORDGod had taenfrom mye myge
e a woanand rurhterentothda

3and dam id, Tht t now bt ofmy bonand esofmy
es: e s alcald Woman, becauseshe s taen t ofMan

1 The frs ala an le e his faterand dam mye and s al
cle e entohis feand e s albeon fes

and e  wene akid, thdaand dam feand wee no
ashamed

1 Nowe saens fre sutil thn any beaine yielhichLORDGod myge.and e saentoe woanYea, hathGod id
Ys al noenrye e e ? 3:ine woansaidentoe sa, e myt ofe rut e e e e :
3:3 st frut e e hicht ine e e 
God hathid, Ys al not , net ers ale touch t, es
e di

and e sasaidentowoan, Ys al nosue lydi? 3:5
Foe God de no thaine da e eae e e n ure ess al
beopenid, and e s als god, noingoodand  eil

and whenwoan w thae e goodfr fodand e 
t  wleaant toe esand a e tobedesie tomye on
wise, e tooke e rut e e and ded and gae alsoento
e  husband wee erine ded and e esofe e wee openid, and e ne tha te y
wee akedand e sewed fig leaens mye and myge te seen
aprons

and e ea te vochLORDGod  wlingine gardein
e omol e e daand dam and his  hid te seens from 
pe sencLORDGod amongste e e e 

and LORDGod cald entoand saidentohim,Were fr
thur? 3:1and had n ead thvoche ine gardeand seas
fraid, e e use seas akedand n hid myse

and had Who tld te thur wt aked? Hathur eatene e , whenofn omded e thurshurldenfred?
3:1ine an wid, The woan whom thurint tobewee me, sh
inmee e and ded 3 LORDGod saidentowoan, hae e ths thurea
onand woan wid, The serpenbeguild me, and ded and LORDGod saidentoe saen, causethurast on
th, thurt curded abonalcald and abon beaine yield uponthbellythurgoand thureaale 
das th i? 3:1and s alt enmitybe wer te e and e 
woanand be werthseedand erseed; t s al bruiseth heaand s albruisehis e el

6 Ue e woanhad s algratlymultiplythursorrowand 
thomncepin; n sorrowthurs albrinrarthchildenand e 
desie s altoth husbanand e s alrue on te 

1and entodam had Becausethur hast eaend entovoch
th wfeand ast eaene e , ofhichn omded e e
sayingThurs alfredoft curded t e urldfrth wke;
n sorrowthurt oft althdas th ie;3:18 Thfrn
akedand thstess alt brinrarthtoe e;and s alea te 
e b e e d 3:19 n e sweatofth fmethurea be ad
tillthure frn entourld; frt oft  wthur taken: fr
rut thurtand entothure frn

and dam cald his use  Een bcauseshe s e mye 
ofallin

1 Utodam akedand e e fe ded LORDGod mye omat f
inand e  te m

ine LORDGod id, hold, thda in beome s t ofus, to
nogoodand  eiland ow, est e t arthhis handand tae alsoe e offeand eaand linfr een? 3:23 The fre e 
LORDGod set hiarthe e garde Een, to talurldfrom whene e s taen

4 toe dron t thdaine plmed  te fact ofe garde
ofen Cerubimand a flaming sword hichurned enry w, to en
e  we e offe

and dam new Ee his and e omncinand bare in, anid, e e gotten a anfrom e LORD

2and e gan bare his mye be Andbes alener f
e ep, bt ins altiller f te urld

3 ndn procesoftimet came t as, thinrurhte 
rut urldand rinrentoe LORD

and be, e alsorurhte e lin fhis flockand of
e  f te t of Ande LORDhad e spect entobeand 
rinr: 4:5 t entoinand  frinre had noe spect
ndins ens rothand his omuntenane fell

and e LORDsaidentoin, hythurwrothand why in e 
omuntenane falen? 3:7 Ifthurdoenwell, thurnobe
ccepedand ifthurdoennowell, sin lth wt e dofr Andento
e e s alhis desie and s alrue onLORD

and in talkd wee behis mye and t came t as, when
e enine yiel, thin rose up wgaint behis mye and slewLORD

9 nde LORDsaidentoin, hen in bethurmye and e 
id, n nono: Am n my brotherusener? 3:10 Andhad Wha
ast thurdone? e vocht ofth broe usblood crthentome from
e urld

1and owthurcurded e e arth, whchhathopend e 
moue toecinthurmye usblood from th han; 4:12 Wenthur
tillenurld, t s alnoencearth yield entoe e e 
stength; a fugt inand a vgabond thurbearth


Lossifier::Cluster-Stats-------------------------------------------------------

Total Length:      8017
Distance:          0.437031
Avg Word Length:   4.105087
Entropy:           3284
1-grams:
    number: 61.0
    min: 1
    max: 1399
    median: 23.0
    mean: 131.4262295081967
    stddev: 244.58298125963097
2-grams:
    number: 588.0
    min: 1
    max: 525
    median: 3.0
    mean: 13.63265306122449
    stddev: 36.27213499802572
3-grams:
    number: 1948.0
    min: 1
    max: 243
    median: 2.0
    mean: 4.114476386036961
    stddev: 10.567410280863946

